 

New version idiot 

 

Auto-ID Systems — The/ Internet of Things — Key

D. HOME ASSIGNMENT
1 Fill in the gaps with the definite, indeﬁnite orzero article where appropriate.

RFID Systems May Disrupt the Function of Medical Devices _
The use of radio-frequency identiﬁcation (RFID) Systems in __ hospitals may not be entirely
sale. new research suggests. RFID tags and the devices they communicate with can disrupt the
performance of medical equipment. including pacemakers and dialysis machines. potentially

endangering the patients who depend on those devices.
Medical Center. tested whether the

Researchers at the University of Amsterdam's Academic

presence of RFID transponders and the readers they transmit to could interfere with the function
of 41 different electronic medical devices. The team examined both an active RFID system. in
which the tags have _ batteries that allow them to transmit continuously. and a passive system.

whose tags are powered only when in the range of a transmitter's electromagnetic ﬁeld. In 123
tests. they found 34 incidences of interference.

Of those. the researchers categoan 22 cases as haurdous. meaning that the interference
a patient. For example. in

caused an equipment fault that could have direct physical impact on

two such incidences. a mechanical ventilator end a syringe pump switched off when the RFID
system was transmitting near them. The passive RFID tag they used. which had a higher energy
output and operated at a frequency of 568 megahertz, induced __ three times as many

disruptions as the active system. which operated at 125 kilohertz. None of the tests involved __

patients—lust equipment—and no real-life cases have yet been reported of RFID transponders

causing a device to malfunction. according to the Dutch research.

The health-care market for RFID systems. according to tDTechEx. a consultancy that focuses on
RFID. is about US $121 million. and the tags are increasingly becoming integrated Into the
hospital environment. They are used. for instance. to track the location of surgical sponges so
they are not inadvertently left inside patients. RFID tags are also embedded in bracelets given to
__ newborn babies to prevent kidnapping

The question remains of how often these interactions between __
transponders would arise In the dey—to-day operations of a hospital,

Adapted from IEEE Spectrum Oniine. First Published June 2008
To probe further. go to: mgr/hilvrwsgctmmieeetorg/ unite/6405

lifesaving devices and RFID

Articles continued: ‘

(t) A typical radio frequency identiﬁcation tag consists of (z) a microchip with (a) a copper radio
antenna spiralling round it. (4) The chip and antenna are mounted on (5) a ﬂexible plastic square to
produce (6) a thin. tiet tag that can be stuck on anything. The microchip can store up to 2 kilobytes
of (7)__ data. enough for (o) a unique identifying code in (a) a modiﬁed type of read-only memory.
(to) The antenna enables the chip to broadcast this Information to (11) a reader when prompted by
(12) a radio signal. Soon. every single manufactured item will carry (13) a tag,

Hydrogen Tries Again — Key
F allow-up questions:

C. HOME ASSIGNMENT

ARTICLES
Complete the passage using the deﬁnite, indeﬁnite, or zero article where appropriate.

The clean green energy dream
Some visionary engineers see (I) the car of the future as (2) I owcr lant on in col W ' ' ' ' ' ‘
garage or outside (4) the ofﬁce, you plug its fuel cell into (5) {he mains and scli‘téisthe 
(7i the‘gnd. So all the time you are not using your vehicle, it earns you (is) money. If (9i the entire US ﬂeet of
Zqo'mliilo‘n vehicles converted to (10) _ fuel cells and plugged in, thcyw—ouid generate (It) feurtimes the
gnd s purrcnt capacity. With solar panels on (12) the roof or (13) a wind farm down the road gen-crating hydrogen
that Will feed (If) a stationary fuel cell in your basement, you can generate (is) sufficient power where and
Ethan you need it Without (I6) the infrastructure and waste associated with transp—o_rting (l7) electricity long
dlcia'ijlecgéls) _ energy should be generated and owned locally. It's (i9) a heady vision and—certainly (20) __ ‘
ay- , Ant-net M‘NMSCMI . r ' ‘3' Jii

   
  

